<!--- @file
  1.4 Terms

  Copyright (c) 2009-2017, Intel Corporation. All rights reserved.<BR>

  Redistribution and use in source (original document form) and 'compiled'
  forms (converted to PDF, epub, HTML and other formats) with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  1) Redistributions of source code (original document form) must retain the
     above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
     disclaimer as the first lines of this file unmodified.

  2) Redistributions in compiled form (transformed to other DTDs, converted to
     PDF, epub, HTML and other formats) must reproduce the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

  THIS DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED BY TIANOCORE PROJECT "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
  EVENT SHALL TIANOCORE PROJECT  BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
  SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
  PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
  OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
  WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
  OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF
  ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-->

## 1.4 Terms

The following terms are used throughout this document to describe varying
aspects of input localization:

**BDS**

Framework Boot Device Selection phase.

**BNF**

BNF is an acronym for "Backus Naur Form." John Backus and Peter Naur introduced
for the first time a formal notation to describe the syntax of a given language.

**Component**

An executable image. Components defined in this specification support one of
the defined _module types_.

**DXE**

Framework Driver Execution Environment phase.

**DXE SAL**

Special class of DXE module that produces SAL Runtime Services. DXE SAL modules
differ from DXE Runtime modules in that the DXE Runtime modules support Virtual
mode OS calls at OS runtime and DXE SAL modules support intermixing Virtual or
Physical mode OS calls.

**DXE SMM**

Special class of DXE module that is loaded into the System Management Mode
memory.

**DXE Runtime**

Special class of DXE module that provides Runtime Services

**EFI**

Generic term that refers to one of the versions of the EFI specification:
EFI .1.02, EFI 1.10, or UEFI 2.0.

**EFI 1.10 Specification**

The _Extensible Firmware Interface Specification_ was published by Intel
Corporation. Intel has donated the EFI specification to the Unified EFI Forum,
and the UEFI now owns future updates of the EFI specification. See
_UEFI Specification Version 2.0_.

**Foundation**

The set of code and interfaces that glue implementations of the Framework
together.

**Framework**

Intel(R) Platform Innovation Framework for EFI consists of the Foundation, plus
other modular components that characterize the portability surface for modular
components designed to work on any implementation of the Framework architecture.

**GUID**

Globally Unique Identifier. A 128-bit value used to uniquely name entities. A
unique GUID can be generated by an individual without the help of a centralized
authority. This allows the generation of names that will never conflict, even
among multiple, unrelated parties.

**HII**

Human Interface Infrastructure. This generally refers to the database that
contains string, font, and IFR information along with other pieces that use one
of the database components.

**IFR**

Internal Forms Representation. This is the binary encoding that is used for the
representation of user interface pages.

**Library Class**

A library class defines the API or interface set for a library. The consumer
of the library is coded to the library class definition. Library classes are
defined via a library class .h file that is published by a package. See the EDK
II Module Development Environment Library Specification for a list of libraries
defined in this package.

**Library Instance**

An implementation of one or more library classes. See the _EDK II Module
Development Environment Library Specification_ for a list of libraries defined
in this package.

**Module**

A module is either an executable image or a library instance. For a list of
module types supported by this package, see Module Type.

**Module Type**

All libraries and components belong to one of the following module types:
`BASE`, `SEC`, `PEI_CORE`, `PEIM`, `DXE_CORE`, `DXE_DRIVER`,
`DXE_RUNTIME_DRIVER`, `DXE_SMM_DRIVER`, `DXE_SAL_DRIVER`, `UEFI_DRIVER`, or
`UEFI_APPLICATION`. These definitions provide a framework that is consistent
with a similar set of requirements. A module that is of module type `BASE`,
depends only on headers and libraries provided in the MDE, while a module that
is of module type `DXE_DRIVER` depends on common DXE components. For a
definition of the various module types, see Module Type.

**Module Surface Area (MSA)**

The MSA is an XML description of how the module is coded. The MSA contains
information about the different construction options for the module. After the
module is constructed the MSA can describe the interoperability requirements of
a module.

**Package**

A package is a container. It can hold a collection of files for any given set
of modules. Packages may be described as one of the following types of modules:

* Source modules, containing all source files and descriptions of a module

* Binary modules, containing EFI Sections or a Framework File System and a
  description file specific to linking and binary editing of features and
  attributes specified in a Platform Configuration Database (PCD)

* Mixed modules, with both binary and source modules

Multiple modules can be combined into a package, and multiple packages can be
combined into a single package.

**Protocol**

An API named by a GUID as defined by the EFI specification.

**PCD**

Platform Configuration Database.

**PEI**

Pre-EFI Initialization Phase.

**PPI**

A PEIM-to-PEIM Interface that is named by a GUID as defined by the PEI CIS.

**SAL**

System Abstraction Layer. A firmware interface specification used on Intel(R)
Itanium(R) Processor based systems.

**Runtime Services**

Interfaces that provide access to underlying platform-specific hardware that
might be useful during OS runtime, such as time and date services. These
services become active during the boot process but also persist after the OS
loader terminates boot services.

**SEC**

Security Phase is the code in the Framework that contains the processor reset
vector and launches PEI. This phase is separate from PEI because some security
schemes require ownership of the reset vector.

**UEFI Application**

An application that follows the UEFI specification. The only difference between
a UEFI application and a UEFI driver is that an application is unloaded from
memory when it exits regardless of return status, while a driver that returns a
successful return status is not unloaded when its entry point exits.

**UEFI Driver**

A driver that follows the UEFI specification.

**UEFI Specification Version 2.0**

Current version of the EFI specification released by the Unified EFI Forum.
This specification builds on the EFI 1.10 specification and transfers ownership
of the EFI specification from Intel to a non-profit, industry trade
organization.

**Unified EFI Forum**

A non-profit collaborative trade organization formed to promote and manage the
UEFI standard. For more information, see http://www.uefi.org.
